Intro:

Roni/Tapio: Our journey starts with a mysterious "Hero" called Capan3n and that's written with a c and an 3.
N/A/Annika: Hey daddy!! Why are you in the closet?
Roni: Shut up or i will hit you!! So where was i oh yes the douch-oh the "hero" who was definetly not bald and had long beautiful hair with the color of fire.



Chapter 1: Whole chapter

Roni: The story begins with our hero waking up hungover in a ditch, when he notices that something is wrong...
Roni: He notices a (with slight touch of laughter) BLACK WTF!? creature that lunges towards him after he said. 
Huugo: n‰‰h‰h‰ you in da wrong side of these woods huehue.
Roni: What the hell is wrong with you guys?
	The Battle Begins. After the hiisi is defeated he runs away and yells 
Huugo: This is not even my final form!!!

	END OF CHAPTER 1


Chapter 2:Intro

Roni: Our "Hero" continues hi's way to torppa(‰nkytys)
Roni: After making hi's way to the torppa which had been burned down and the Hiisi had stolen hi's kids.
Roni: Oh how unfortunate isn't it "Hero" (sarcasm) seems like you have to save the kidz... (optional)
Roni: Or you could go get the tresure now? (main quest)



Chapter 2: Middle (Optional)

After you choose to go save the kids you have to fight more mystical creatures on the way to them (creatures undisclosed at the moment)after you defeat the creatures
Tapio/Roni starts scolding you
Roni: Really?! The kids are propably already dead, well now you can't go back anymore since some trees just appeard out of "nowhere".
Roni: You could have just gone to the tresure and get more stuff but nooooo "i wanna save the kids" You aren't a real hero so stop pretending!

	As you make your way to the lair of the Hiisi you find the children already dead and mutilated as Tapio starts being a dick.

Roni: You go all this way and you didn't save them what a surprise, i did try to warn you though.
Huugo: swiggety swooty i'm coming for dat booty!
Roni: uh oh
Huugo You're here this is so great. Do you like what i've done with the place?
	Another bossfight
	
Lines for the middle of the bossfight maybe?: You can't beat me n‰‰h‰h‰‰‰! You are a fake Hero n‰‰h‰h‰‰‰!
	
	After defeating the Hiisi it runs away again, and you get to continue your quest to find out what's happening. 
	As you make your way to where the tresure was supposed to be you notice that it's gone.

Roni: See now we lost the tresure and you didn't even get to save the kids! (angry)



Chapter 2: End (After compleating the Optional)

	As you try to think what to do now Tapio gives you an another idea.
Roni: So we lost the tresure and the forrest is still a mess filled with creatures of undisclosed origin, *Sigh* this didn't go exactly as i planned.
Roni: I'm a little off the edge.... Yeeeeeeessss!! That's it we go to the cave system through  there we could make it to the city and get everyone kille- i mean saved
      *Nervous laugther* 
Roni: Don't worry just a slip of the tongue, let's go then shall we?
	Now you fight your way through the forrest to the entrance of the cave system. END OF CHAPTER 2



Chapter 2: Middle (Didn't go for the optional) 

	You make your way to the tresure as you see a mystical wizard stealing it.
Roni: Hey!! That's mine i mean the "Hero's"
	(The wizard initiates a boss battle)
Optional mid fight lines for the wizard: It truly is you.  I thought we banished you!
	After defeat of the wizard
Wizard: Your soul truly is lost if you're listening to him "Hero"
Roni: You can still hear me?
Wizard: Yes you fool! I always could (With a shaking voice)
Roni: You exiled me becouse you were afraid of my daughter-
Wizard: Which was wrong of us to do i kno-
	The wizard dies
Roni: Let's go see what the tresure was
	Pick up more powerful arrows (they do more damage)



Chapter 2: End (Went for the tresure)

Roni: Now that our "hero" had found the tresure he decided that it was time to go check up on the city and the fastest way there was through the cave network.
	As you make your way towards the cave after fighting some creatures in the forest you reach the cave entrance
Roni: Ah great we're here (Ominus laughter)
	END OF CHAPTER 2 